we sudo everything
1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d
A bug is never just a mistake. It represents something bigger. An error of thinking that makes you who you are
a clean house is the sign of a broken computer
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer
Algorithm is a word, used by programmers, when they don't want to explain what they did
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Always ask yourself "What would MagGyver do!"
Apple should make a sarcasm font and call it the iRoll
Are you a computer wizard? It seems you know how to turn my software to hardware
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type!
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic 
Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat [Y/N]?
beer->drink()
Bitches, Cocaine, Bitches Again
Bugs come in through open Windows
Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will use it
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
Cats spend two thirds of their lives sleeping, and the other third making viral videos
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access
Computer programmers don't byte, they nibble a bit
dd if=/dev/random of=/dev/sda
Dip me in chocolate and throw me to the lesbians
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors. 
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue
Even extraordinary people, and I believe you are, are driven by human banalities
Every bug you find is the last one
Expect No Mercy
Failure is not an option — it comes bundled with the software
Freedom is just another word for nothing left to loose
Fuck society
Hacking is like sex. You get in, you get out, and hope that you didn’t leave something that can be traced back to you.
have you tried turning it off and on again
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies
Hello friend. Hello friend? That's lame. Maybe I should give you a name
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Hey, it is your stuff right? Your numbers, your bits, you should be able to do anything you wish to do with it
Hit any user to continue
how about no
How about we do some peer-to-peer sharing? Your domain or mine?
How do hackers reproduce? Careful, anonymous and through the back door
I don't have a dirty mind, I have a sexy imagination
I hate when people ask for likes... Like if you agree
I have seen the truth, and it doesn't make sense
I love the F5 key. It´s just so refreshing
I never want to be right about my hacks, but people always find a way to disappoint
I typed "married" but it was auto-corrected to "martyred". Damn,smartphone has gained intelligence
I used to think love() was abstract, until you implemented it in MyHeart
I want to play a game.
I would like to change the world, but God doesn't give me the source code
If all else fails, read the instructions
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer ...oh wait, he does
If brute force doesn’t solve your problems, then you aren’t using enough
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
If Microsoft would make something that didn't suck, it would be a vacuum cleaner
If You Can't Eat It Or Fuck It... Then Kill It!
If you don't mind, I'm going to go dig a hole, sit in it and think for a while 
If you were a browser, you'd be called FireFoxy
I'm not saying I am batman, I am just saying no one has ever seen me and batman in the same room together
In 10 seconds, your computer is going to explode. Don't look like a coward, run!
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is, it's always room temperature.
It's better to be full of whiskey, than full of shit
Java is to JavaScript, what Car is to Carpet
Keep honking. I'm reloading
Knowledge Is Power - Sharing Knowledge Is Freedom
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Life sucks, but the graphic is awesome!
Lift your skirt, to grant me sudo access
Lowering the hard disk heads does not increase the access time
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it
mkfs.ext4 /dev/sda1
Moving Forward is the only way to finish
mv ~ /dev/null
My daily Unix command list: unzip; strip; touch; finger; mount; fsck; more; yes; unmount; sleep.
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them...
new beer(infinite)
Old enough to pee, old enough for me
our attitude isn’t bad. It’s in beta
PCMCIA stands for people can't memorize computer industry acronyms
please type :(){ :|: & };: to your shell
Power belongs to those who take it
Programming is like sex; one mistake and you have to support for a lifetime
Put your panties down, to grant me sudo access
rm -rf /
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
Scratch here ############## to reveal the password
So if guns kill people, I guess pencils missspell word, cars drive drunk, and spoons make people fat
So we make our own blog. With Blackjack and hookers
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free.
sudo apt-get Beer <WHERE> "temp" = "COLD"
sudo apt-get more jokes
sudo make coffee
Suit up your life
Suit? Because we are legen... wait a minute dary
test
That's the real shit!
The border is just another line to cross
The question is, are you a 1 or a 0
The truth is out there. Anybody got the URL?
The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else
There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch
There's no place like 127.0.0.1
This game is only for the girls: Sit on my lap and I'll tell your weight. Who wants to play?
This humor makes us unbearable for normal people!
This website never has bugs. It just develops random features.
Train Insane or remain the same
We are what we are and what will be will be.
We're all living in each other's paranoia
we're not anti-social, we're just not user friendly
What do hackers like most? Hack & Slay Games
What do you call a Black Wizard? A Negromancer
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
What's the difference between a hooker and a lawyer? A hooker will stop fucking you when your dead!
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say
Why? Because we can...
Willyoupleasehelpmefixmykeyboard?Thespacebarisbroken! 
wine (at) /home/till_you_get_drunk
who wants to live forever
You have security guidelines? We didn't noticed at all...
You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it
You're never sure about anything unless there's something to be sure about
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see
Mr Robot
Give a man a mask and he will show you his true face
we are legion
we do not forgive
we do not forget
we are anonymous